Hey folks, I'm excited to be doing our
first ML system design video on the
channel. You all have been asking for
this in the comments, in our Q&As's, and
then also in our email. So, I'm glad to
be finally getting to this. ML system
design is very different from
traditional SWU system design. And
there's a lot to talk about. So, I
wanted to use this first video as a
chance both to give you a framework for
thinking about how to navigate ML system
design interviews, but also going into a
really rich problem around harmful
content or content moderation. A little
bit about me. If you haven't seen our
channel before, I am Stefan. I'm one of
the co-founders. You'll see my partner
Evan frequently on this channel. And
I've conducted in my career more than
2,000 interviews at companies like
Amazon and Meta. At Meta, I was a senior
manager for applied ML teams.
Specifically, my org was called
dangerous content. So, you can see that
there's a lot of overlap with some of my
experience with this interview, but I
want to cover the things that
interviewers are looking for, which is
not necessarily kind of a specialist
deep dive into this problem. So, we're
hoping to use this session to give you
an idea about how you should think about
interviews on a general basis. Let's go
ahead and dive in. ML design interviews
are a little bit of a wild card. The
industry has not converged on a central
definition of what an ML engineer looks
like and as a result each company is
building their interview process around
a slightly different role description.
There's kind of two axes that we
generally see in terms of role varants
that are worth talking about. The first
is how much research focus does the role
have? You can either be pumping papers
or producing business result or
something in between. The next piece is
how much of the traditional infra or
software specific aspects of the role
are important. So on one hand you might
have a research scientist at Amazon who
is mostly focused on modeling and isn't
in the nitty-gritty of the engineering
which software development engineers are
doing. On the other hand, ML engineers
at Meta are kind of operating at a full
stack. They are pulling in recent
research to build models and deploy them
to production. So, what you need to do
before your interview is get an idea of
what the role that you're interviewing
for looks like and then that will give
you some expectations around how the
interview is structured. In this
diagram, I've kind of laid out these
ideas and in the middle here is the
applied ML system design, which is
basically what we're going to be doing.
But note that if there was more emphasis
on infrastructure, if you were
interviewing for one of the core
platform teams, you might have an ML
infraesign interview. If you are
interviewing for a more research centric
role, you'll probably have a
researchoriented interview, which really
won't look the same as an applied
interview. And we'll go a lot deeper on
some aspects that we won't cover here.
So get an idea for what your interview
looks like. We'll have some guidance on
that on the website. Now, inside an
applied ML system design interview,
there's a lot to cover. The thrust of
this interview is trying to figure out
whether you'll be productive as an
engineer joining the team. And the ML
engineer role covers a whole bunch of
different things from pulling data and
engineering features, modeling, building
inference pipelines, evaluating models,
and iterating on the whole thing. In the
interview itself, you're going to cover
all of these details. And it's really
easy to get lost in any one particular
aspect and not be able to cover all of
the things that are going to be
important. So, we recommend that you use
a framework to drive the back end of
your interview. Now, your interviewer is
going to give you hints. They're going
to ask you things along the way. You
should definitely follow their lead.
They're going to be the authority
through your interview. But for those
interviews where they give you an
ambiguous question and they want you to
work through it, this will be helpful
for you. And we've got six different
steps in the ML system design interview.
The first step, and this is not one that
you should neglect, and I'll talk about
more in a second about why, is the
problem framing. This is where you're
going to figure out what problem am I
solving, clarify requirements, setup
goals, so on and so forth. The next part
is a highle design. This isn't the
highle design of a SU interview. So
often times you're not actually going
into databases and and different
intricacies about query patterns. The
point here is just to have a block
diagram that you can refer back to so
that your interview knows what you're
talking about as you go into greater
detail in later sections of the
interview. The next piece is the data
and features discussion. This is
important for you to be able to talk
about what data is useful. Often times
better data beats better models. So make
sure that you cover it. And then talk
about the logistics of how you would
engineer and represent these as features
in your model. Lot to discuss there.
Next, you'll talk about modeling. This
is where you're going to make a choice
about what models to employ. You'll also
talk about model architecture and some
of the trade-offs. A lot of rich
discussion here. With your model in
place, you're going to want to talk
about how you would actually bring it
through to production. What does
inference look like in this setting?
What are the challenges and how will you
solve them around evaluation? And
finally, we want to leave room for deep
dives at the end. We'll use these in two
ways. One is that going through the
interview, you're going to find all
sorts of interesting things to talk
about and you don't have time to talk
about all of them. So, one strategy for
you is to make a note of those things
and come back to them in the deep dives.
So, that way you can make sure you make
your way through the problem and give
depth on some of them. Also in the deep
dive section, this is where your
interviewer is probably going to ask you
more detailed questions, but you kind of
have to set the stage for them so that
they can get into those interesting
questions. Especially for more senior
candidates, if your interviewer is
driving, they're getting this impression
that maybe you haven't built these
systems before, which is exactly the
opposite of the impression that you want
to be making. So that's why we want to
cover all of these sections. All right,
with that out of the way, let's talk
about harmful content. We're going to
cover a lot of ground here and so if you
want to look at the written write up,
I'll include a link in the description.
It also will get you in the middle of
our ML system design content on Hello
Interview. We've got other problem
breakdowns, deep dives, a lot of other
content we're hoping will be useful for
you and we're hoping to make the
majority of it free. Uh but we will be
adding premium content as things move
forward if you want to go into greater
detail about more advanced topics. Most
interviews are going to start with an
ambiguous problem statement. Your
interviewer might go, "Hey, design a
system for detecting harmful content on
Facebook." And right at the outset, many
candidates are thinking, "Hey, it sounds
like they're asking me to design a
classifier." That's not wrong. But it's
really important that we spend some time
digesting this problem, looking for
potential avenues and ways that we can
design a solution that satisfy the
requirements but may not look like a
classification problem and then setting
up the constraints for our solution for
later. We recommend three things when
you're framing out a problem. The first
thing is you have an opportunity to
clarify the problem. Find constraints.
Figure out how the product operates.
Identify the users of the system and
what they're actually doing. All of
these things are going to give you
detail that's going to be important for
building out your system as you go
along. The next thing that we're going
to do is establish a business objective.
This is easily the place where senior
and staff level engineers will
differentiate themselves because many ML
systems have business objectives that
aren't perfectly aligned with their ML
objectives. And the final thing is we
want to distill that business objective
down into something that we can build
machine learning systems around. For
harmful content, this is pretty simple.
We're building a classification system.
You were right if you made that
assumption. But for other systems, you
might have multiple objectives and
there's a lot more to talk about. So
let's go through these steps for harmful
content and then we'll keep moving into
our highle design. To clarify the
problem, we're going to do a bunch of
back and forth questions with our
interviewer. And so some examples of
questions are things like, do we need to
include video or just images and text?
And our interviewer might say, hey,
you're off the hook. We don't have to
deal with video here. We also want to
understand a bit about the data. So we
might ask our interviewer, what kind of
content do we want to detect? Is it just
like nudity and violence, more severe
things? In this case, they're not going
to go let us off the hook. They're going
to tell us, go ahead and detect
everything. An important consideration
for us is like who are the actors in the
system and what are the consequences of
the actions that they might take. So one
question would be what happens if we
find harmful content? Do we remove it?
Do we demote it? We ban users and then
we want to understand those
consequences. What happens if we have
too many false positives or false
negatives? In this case, our interviewer
is going to let us in on a secret for
harmful content that there's a trade-off
here. Like all systems, there is is
really no right answer. But for Facebook
in particular, they're going to try to
protect free expression by saying, "Hey,
we only want to take automated actions
when the confidence of our models exceed
some baseline level of human
performance." This is going to be useful
for us because it would be a very
different system if we wanted to remove
basically anything that smelled like it
might be harmful all the way through to
something like 4chan where you're going
to have to twist their arm legally to
get them to remove some pretty nasty
stuff. Now during this what we'll do is
we will record this on our whiteboard
and that's a great way to make sure that
we're aligned with our interviewer and
then also for us to keep track of this
for later. And what I'm writing down
here are things like, "Hey, we only care
about text and images." And we've got a
billion posts a day and only 1% of them
are harmful. You're free to make some
assumptions. You can write stuff here.
You don't have to ask your interviewer.
You can just lay it out there to say, "I
think Facebook is a pretty big platform.
It probably has about a billion users.
Does that sound about right?" And most
interviewers are going to go, "Thumbs
up. I want to get to the interesting
stuff. Let's talk about ML." The next
piece that we're going to build up is
our business objective. And I'd
mentioned earlier that this is one of
those places where senior candidates
will differentiate themselves quite
heavily. A naive business objective
would be let's remove as much harmful
content as possible. And it kind of
makes sense. You know, you don't want to
have this stuff. But practically systems
make mistakes and those mistakes have
real ramifications for users. So the
next level business objective would be
let's remove as much stuff as we can
subject to some sort of guard rail. In
this case we might take a precision
guard rail. We had earlier clarified
that our interviewer wants us to be 95%
confident. And what that allows us to do
is to say well we're going to try to
remove as much as possible but we want
to be right 95% of the time marginally.
This is a much better business objective
and will probably get you a pass in the
interview. Another level requires that
we recognize that all content isn't
exactly the same. If we have a piece of
pornography and we dump it on the
platform and nobody sees it, does
anybody care? The answer is probably no.
On the other hand, if we dump it on our
timeline and it gets shared millions of
times and gets billions of views, do we
care? Well, yeah, that matters a lot.
So, what we see here is that actually
viewership is really important. So a
next level business objective would be
something that is aware of views. Maybe
we want to minimize the number of views
of known harmful content on the site.
And what this objective does is it
changes the problem a little bit. Now we
don't care necessarily about how
accurate we are on everything. We care
more about being accurate on those
things that are going to get lots of
views. And that necessarily can change
our approach. It also gives us the
answer to some other questions that
might come later. As an example, when do
we run
classification? If we want to remove
just any piece of content, we need to
run that when the post is first created.
On the other hand, if we're simply
trying to suppress views of known
harmful content, well, technically, we
can be a little bit late as long as we
get it before the majority of views are
happening. So it really changes the
dynamic of this problem. Not all
problems will be this straightforward,
but the ML objective here is a simple
classification problem. We want to
determine for a given piece of content
at a certain point in time whether it is
harmful or not. And that allows us to
take an action downstream. With our
problem framed, we get an opportunity to
move to our highle design. This is where
you're going to take that MLO objective
and start to sketch out what the system
might look like. Now some candidates at
this stage are going to start drawing
databases are going to be analyzing
query patterns and they're treating this
a lot like a level system design
problem. In most cases you don't need to
do that. What interviewers are more
concerned with is how do the pieces fit
together and then how does your system
ultimately act with the world. A lot of
system ML system design interviews are
going to focus on feedback loops and how
your actions have ramifications for your
data and the system as it evolves over
time. And those things aren't clear
until you have a sketch of the system
itself. Now, my recommendation is to
draw some things on your whiteboard at
this stage, but don't spend too much
time here. I think a lot of candidates
will try to make a pristine and perfect
diagram when that's really not the
intent. We're really just trying to set
the stage for our discussion. So for
this problem, it's pretty basic. We have
posts are created or viewed. These might
be places that we would trigger a
classification. We're going to have a
classification model. It's going to feed
scores into a calibration. And because
we had earlier established that we can
take action when posts are 95%
confident. If it's above 95% confidence,
we're going to delete it. And if not,
we're going to demote it. Now, this
isn't my final design. This is just a
starting point. And what this gives me
the flexibility to do is as we come up
with new requirements or new ideas, I
can move things around and and work from
here. But this should be sufficient for
a highle design. And we'll keep moving.
The next part of the interview, we're
going to talk about data and features.
You can think of this as like data sets
and features that might be incorporated
into the model. The important thing is
we somehow need to go from the raw
material towards something that we can
train on and use for prediction. Now,
the first step is talking about those
data sets. And a lot of candidates think
about this problem and they think, hm,
I'll just use that labeled data. That
should be enough. But we earlier
mentioned that we only have 50,000
labeled examples. That's not a lot. And
so we need to figure out how we can be
economical with the data that we're
using. And it turns out that there's a
lot more than just simple supervised
data. This is the easy way to stand out
as a candidate in this problem is to
think more broadly. For a lot of ML
problems, especially ones that are
limited in the data that's available,
figuring out how you can incorporate and
transfer learn and take advantage of
other data sets is one of the ways that
you make that system better. So if we
think about supervised data, we of
course have our labeled data set. We
want to make note of that. There are a
lot of NSFW, not safe for work, data
sets that are available online. Now,
that's only going to tell us a little
bit about photos or videos, but it is
going to be useful information that goes
beyond what we have with label data. It
just isn't available at a post level of
granularity. So, we'll talk about it.
The next thing is we might think about
how we have some data with partial
supervision. As an example, with this
problem, users might either react
negatively to posts like hide them or
they might submit reports. They might
say, "Hey, this thing shouldn't belong
on the platform." These are going to be
really useful signals for us to train
our models and can be very interesting
with figuring out how we would actually
incorporate them. Finally, we should
make use of unsupervised data. And this
is a very common pattern amongst big
companies is to say, I've got billions
of posts. Most of them aren't harmful.
Is there anything interesting that I can
learn from them that might help me in
finding out what content is harmful? As
one example here, I can use the comments
on a post to tell me whether or not it
is harmful or not. If users are
commenting gross, that might indicate
that this is something that they don't
want to see. It could also be that
they're just joking with their friends
and they say happy birthday and someone
says gross. It's not a perfect source of
supervision, but there is a good chance
that it's going to be correlated. And
what your interviewer wants to see as
you're discussing some of these data
sets is first of all that you're
creative, that you're thinking, not just
of the label data, but secondly, that
you have some hypothesis for how this
data is actually going to help to
improve your model downstream. So be
exhausted, but also don't spend too much
time here. It's very likely that the
first few ideas that come to your head
are going to be some of the best ones
and spending too much time here will
have diminishing returns. With our data
sets established and some discussion
that will come from it, we're next going
to move into the feature engineering
part of the discussion. And this is
often times a bit of a tar pit for a lot
of candidates because there's so much
that we can talk about here. The simple
reality is for most systems there is a
nearly infinite number of features that
you can engineer. The real challenge is
deciding which ones are going to be most
important and impactful for your problem
and prioritizing those. In some cases,
adding additional features will actually
make your model worse. With deeper
models, this isn't as much of a problem,
but it'll definitely affect training and
inference time. So, it's a worthy
consideration with your feature
discussion. The important thing is you
start with some hypothesis and then you
start to elaborate on those and then
that you constrain your discussion that
you keep things moving. There is a lot
that your interviewer might probe you on
including how features are represented
or encoding. I would often times follow
their lead on what that looks like. For
harmful content, we can think of a crude
categorization of features that we might
include. And that's actually probably a
useful thing to do for almost any
problem that you might run into. First,
we have the direct content features.
These are the most obvious and poor
candidates will often times focus
exclusively here. But if we're going to
be finding harmful content, we of course
need to care about the things that
actually make it harmful. The text or
the image that's associated with the
post. The next thing that we should
consider is whether or not there are
behaviors that are associated with
harmful content. As an example, if
people are reacting negatively or
they're sharing maybe with specific
captions, we can start to tally these
and incorporate them into our
prediction. They aren't necessarily
required. We don't need to have negative
reactions to make an assessment about
whether something is harmful. But as we
accumulate negative reactions, it might
tilt the scale for us. Remember, we're
not just making this determination at
the postcreation time where we wouldn't
have any behavioral features. We're also
making this determination later on as
posts gain viewership and potentially
the decision becomes easier. Now, as
we're noting about negative reactions or
shares, we're going to want to talk to
our interviewer about how we might
normalize these things. The worst case
scenario would be looking at these
features in an unnormalized fashion.
That makes it both hard to train, but it
also means that there is some skew. If a
post has millions of views, there's a
very high likelihood that some of those
reactions will be negative. If on the
other hand, a post had 50 views and 25
of them were negative, that's more
telling. So, a great way to deal with
this is to incorporate ratios into the
encoding of these features. Finally, our
creator is going to tell us a lot about
the likelihood that they are posting
harmful content. If we have our grandma
who's been publishing cat pictures, you
know, for the last 5 years, we don't
expect, unless her account is
compromised, for her to start publishing
graphic violence, as an example. On the
other hand, if I have a brand new
account, I have no history of them. They
might be more likely than not. So, how
can we deal with the creator? Well,
there's kind of two ways for us to look
at this. One is we want some sort of
representation of that user that tells
us ritually who is this person and what
kind of things are they likely to post
in the past. Having some sort of
embedding of our user is a really great
way for us to incorporate this
information in our classification. But
we also want something that's going to
be a bit more fastm moving that's going
to respond to behavioral changes. And so
being able to say and look at the last n
postings and how many of them are
harmful content is a useful way to
distill out the most important aspects
of that user's history. In this case, if
they posted lots of content in the past,
well, they're probably going to post it
a lot in the future. I also might talk
with my interviewer about the age of the
account and other compromise or
spamoriented metrics. just inside
baseball. These are disproportionately
the users who are going to violate the
rules because they don't care about the
account. But at that point, I've talked
about some really interesting pieces.
I've got the multimodal classification
problem. I have a bunch of dense
features that I'm going to be
incorporating. And on these user
embeddings, I've got to figure out how
I'm going to train those embeddings to
be useful for my problem of classifying
harmful content. So, there's lots to
talk about here. At this stage, I'm
putting down my pencil and moving on to
the next section. I want to make sure
that I'm not spending so much time in
the feature engineering discussion that
I burn all my time that I would be using
for other topics. The next part of our
interview is the modeling section. And
this is oftentimes a key like
loadbearing determining point for a lot
of interviewers. And partly because many
candidates get in over their skis. They
either kind of handwave about approaches
that they're not familiar with or maybe
they make some mistakes because they're
not really clear themselves. It is
important that you understand modeling
for the applied ML interviews and your
interviewer is frequently going to use
this section as a determinant for
whether you're going to have some depth
here. Especially for senior and staff
level candidates, this is a very
important section to get right. Now I
see about three approaches. The first is
a classical approach that basically
looks like us taking three different
classifiers and then choosing the
highest score amongst them to make a
decision. So I'll take a text
classifier. I might use a BERT style
model, an image classifier, maybe I'll
use a a CNN, and then maybe I'll use a
logistic regression for my behavioral
classifier. Each of these outputs a
score. I take the max of that score and
then I threshold it and decide whether
or not it's harmful or benign. The
reason that candidates will bring this
up is two things. One is it's very
interpretable. I can figure out whether
it was harmful or benign based on the
modality just by looking at the scores.
And then the second thing that they will
bring up is it is very high performance
which is absolutely true. We are
important. We need to classify billions
of posts. So we need this system to move
relatively quickly. The problem with
this is it's far from optimal and in a
lot of cases we can solve for both the
interpretability and the performance in
other ways. So this would typically not
be a passing solution for this
interview. The next level that
candidates will often times come to is
to use embeddings. So again we'll use
pre-trained models at the top here and
then instead of taking the maximum score
we're going to feed these into a
multi-layer perceptron. And what this
allows us to do is learn interactions
between modalities, which is really
important because it might be that the
text doesn't actually mean anything
without the image. Now, MLPS aren't
particularly good at learning multimodal
interactions, but it theoretically could
work here. Candidates will need to
answer questions around how some of
these embeddings are incorporated. As an
example, if I have multiple images in a
post, what can I do? And a really common
solution here is either to take the
average of the embeddings or take the
max or sometimes take both of those and
incorporate them into the model. This is
not a terrible solution and in some
cases it will satisfy. We will probably
want to fine-tune these models at some
level. So interviewers might go into
detail about that and then we'll want to
figure out how we can train them from
scratch. One of the bigger problems that
we run into with this MLP with these
really wide inputs is that we don't have
enough data to truly train this from end
to end. 50,000 labeled examples is just
not enough. So, we need to be able to
address that problem. I'll talk about
some solutions for that in just a
second, but I want to bring up the uh
last architecture here, which is using a
modern
transformerbased multimodal
architecture. Now, there's a bunch of
papers that are out there and I have
some of them linked in the guide. But
the key thing here is we can represent
images as a sequence of patches. We can
basically take a grid and decompose them
and then those images can be represented
just like tokens from text in a a
transformer. And what that transformer
will do is it can jointly learn to
attend to either the text or the images
in this task. and it can learn any sort
of long-term relationships between them.
Again, theoretically, the MLP has this
information, but in practice, it very
rarely does this. And what we can also
do is fuse in our dense features at the
last moment before we ultimately make
our classification. Now, there's a bunch
of reasons why this approach sounds
pretty good. One is that we're using a
modern transformer-based architecture.
It's hard to ignore how effective
transformers have been across machine
learning and it's always a bit
surprising when candidates come in
without a transformer-based solution. So
this is an easy way for you to take
advantage of it. The other thing is that
these dense behavioral features change
as the post is interacting with the
world whereas the images and text very
rarely change. What this means is that
we can potentially cache the embeddings
that are produced here and then if we
want to run
reclassifications for instance later on
as the post is viewed multiple times or
maybe after it's been reported we can do
so pretty cheaply. We get kind of the
same benefits that we had earlier. So
interviewers are going to want to
understand a bit about the mechanics
like how does this transformer work and
what's the sequence and do we need
positional encodings to represent the
relationship between images or their
ordering. But in general we've got a a a
pretty good solution here. Now I talked
earlier about the challenge that we have
around this problem is that we just
don't have enough data to train. And in
fact this classification head of having
a single harmful or benign task is
probably insufficient. But fortunately
earlier we talked about other data
sources that we can use for supervision.
So as one example we can use user
reports and this presents a really cool
opportunity to basically a thousandx the
data that's available. We might only
have 50,000 examples that our expert
reviewers have labeled positive or
negative, but the proportion of reports,
and we probably want to normalize this
by views that have come in exist on
millions of pieces of content. And so
what this model will learn if we
basically take a multitask objective is
what posts are most likely to produce
reports. And our assumption is that that
correlates with the harmful or benign
determination that we have. This is one
of the primary advantages of multitask
learning is that if our tasks have some
correlation, our model is able to learn
that correlation and exploit it. And in
this case, what we do is we're able to
multiply the amount of data that's
available and we get this really useful
additional head on the model that tells
us whether a user is likely to report.
It might be really interesting for us in
production to go and look at those posts
that are predicted as harmful but are
predicted as unlikely to be reported.
Those are going to be really
interesting. or maybe the reverse. Posts
that are really likely to be reported
but aren't actually according to our
standards as harmful might be a great
diagnostic tool. We can extend the
multitask learning to incorporate new
tasks as well. Like we could for
instance add a task that tells us
whether or not it was nudity. And what
this will do is it'll give us some idea
of whether the or why the model is
telling us that this is harmful. It's
less useful for us to say, hey, the
model output a score of.9 harmful for
this. It's more useful for us to say
it's 0.9 harmful and it's 89 nudity. Now
we know why the model is thinking that
this is likely to be harmful. So what
we've done here is we've basically
solved part of the interpretability
problem that we introduced earlier and
we also have solved part of the data
scarcity issues that we alluded to in
the data discussion. There are a few
things that interviewers occasionally
will dive into here. The first is the
loss function. We're probably going to
use binary cross entropy here. It's a
multitask loss. So we are going to need
hyperparameters which govern you know
how these sum together. We will of
course favor our primary task is harmful
or benign because it doesn't matter if
we get really good at determining
whether it's nudity or not when the
ultimate task is harmful or benign. We
might also add a term here for how much
views an item gets. And the idea would
be to get the model to focus more on
those things that are going to get lots
of views. And this can be a bit
precarious because views in particular
are power law distributed. You have some
things that have hundreds of millions of
views and others with zero. So we might
want to employ some sort of
transformation, maybe a log. So that way
we can ensure that we don't have
singular examples which are completely
dominating our entire training run. The
next thing that frequently comes up is
discussion of early or late fusion. This
is really common in multimodal
questions. And in this case, what we're
doing is we're using early fusion for
our text and images, and we're using
late fusion for our dense behavioral
features. There's of course a variant
where we encode these dense behavioral
features in with our transformer. So
that way our text and images can also
interact with it. But in this case, we
don't really want to do that because
we're making an optimization for
inference time. There's also a real
question around how much these text and
images can be cached. In production
systems, you typically are going to have
these embeddings produced once. You
might have one team producing, you know,
image representations that are consumed
by dozens of systems. Maybe customer
support, maybe content moderation, maybe
personalization and ranking. And so that
will play into the determination as to
where you're going to draw the line and
where you'll ultimately freeze
parameters in your model. The final
discussion that you might encounter here
is how you deal with class imbalance.
And for this problem, the simple answer
is we will probably balance the data
set. So ideally, you would want to make
sure that your positives are upweighted
in your sampling. So you're not having
mini batches that contain no positives.
Those aren't particularly helpful. And
then you will also potentially include
some additional terms in your loss
function. You probably won't be able to
get away with exclusively including
terms in your loss function because the
class imbalance is so acute for this
problem. You'll need to do a little bit
of both. Okay. So now we've got a model
in place and that's part of the
description of the overall system. But
we're going to move to discussing
inference and evaluation. inference time
concerns are often times rooted in
scaling, but there's also some
behavioral questions like how do these
actions actually take place? And so it's
usually worth elaborating a bit on all
the pieces that are involved there. Now,
I kind of shot myself in the foot. I've
proposed a model that is very parameter
rich, which is going to be very
expensive to do inference on and
probably going to require specialized
GPU hardware. So before finance blows up
on this particular solution, we need to
figure out some way to optimize. Now the
most straightforward way for us to
reduce inference cost is to employ a
multi-stage architecture. If you're
familiar with recommendation systems,
this should be very familiar to you. The
idea here is that we probably don't need
to run our model on the vast majority of
content. grandma's video about a kitten,
the posts by, you know, some person
that's just discussing the weather.
These probably aren't going to be
harmful in almost any circumstances. And
so what we really want to do is try to
figure out, can we build a lightweight
model that can run very quickly and then
tell us whether or not our heavyweight
model needs to run? So here I've kind of
diagrammed that out. I've added a
lightweight classification model into
the space in my highle design diagram
and then basically indicated that we
have some tunable threshold here. Now
the lightweight model needs to probably
use less features cuz we don't want to
have to pull all the features and we
aren't going to have nearly as much
expressive power. So what can we do
here? Really common options are to use
something like light GBM or XG boost.
you know, CPUdriven treebased models can
be very popular. Another solution here
would be to use our MLPbased approach.
The accuracy isn't all that great.
That's fine, though, because we only
want to approximate what we're going to
see from the output of the larger model.
And so the way that we might train this
lightweight classification model is in a
teacher student or kind of a
distillation fashion where the
lightweight model is trying to predict
the output of the heavyweight model. And
what that allows us to ensure is that
the lightweight model is never going to
or not never it's less likely to pass
things that the heavyweight model is
going to say no that's obviously not
violating. It's going to try to
approximate it. And then what we'll do
is we will take some cutline. We might
decide that we can only run our
heavyweight model on 10% of content or
1% of content. And we will choose a
threshold that the lightweight model
will basically pass all content beneath
it. And the heavyweight model will only
look at the top scoring content. This
inherently is going to change how the
system operates in production. The
heavyweight model is not going to look
at obviously nonviolating content very
often. So in production, we're going to
need some way to sample from this
lightweight classifier so that both we
get scores from the larger model that we
can use in evaluation, but also we can
get an indication as to whether we're
missing things. The worst case scenario
is the lightweight model is telling
something that is actually harmful no
and in those cases it's going to hurt
the recall of our system. The second
thing that we're going to want to talk
about in inference is just about this
calibration. When our model makes
predictions, it's going to output a raw
score between zero and one. And that
score doesn't necessarily correspond to
a 95% confidence level or even something
that humans would label that. And so we
need a simpler way to go and take that
score and translate it into something
that's, you know, more useful for us,
which would be like a probability. the
calibration model. It's very common to
use something called isotonic
regression. Although there are a lot of
options here and essentially we're going
to have reviewers label things at each
score band and then we're going to use
that to correct the scores. We're
basically going to learn a
transformation that will take those raw
scores and turn them into calibrated
scores and those are going to be the
things that we will use to delete or
demote posts. Nighttime. I overwrote the
recording. Anyway, for evaluations, what
we're trying to do is figure out for
each incremental release, each new
model, what is the change in our
business impact. There's two ways to
look at this. We can do online
evaluations, which are usually more
expensive, and we can do offline
evaluations, which we expect to be cheap
and fast. Online evaluations for
humanlabeled problems like this one tend
to be very expensive. For this problem
in particular, if we randomly select
content, we have to label a 100 examples
before we find one example of harmful
content. So in some sense, we're going
to be spending a lot of money on
labeling. There is a good point to say
how we can be label efficient.
Basically, how we can make sure that
things are better in a way that doesn't
require much labeling. One is our model
is making a decision. It is either
deleting the content or it isn't. And if
we are comparing two models, if those
two models agree, either A they both
want to delete or B they both want to
ignore or believe the content is benign,
there can be no difference in
performance for those decisions. The
only difference between them comes from
when the two classifiers disagree. So
our AB test is going to be measuring
those cases where the models are at odds
with one another. The second thing that
we can do is we can use important
sampling. I'm not going to be able to
give you a primer on important sampling
here, but the basic idea is that we're
going to use stratified sampling using a
classifier score. We'll spend more time
labeling those things that might be
harmful. With our offline evaluation, we
want these evaluations to be cheap and
faithful to what we would see in online.
The point of both online and offline
evaluations are those business metrics
up at the top. We care most about
preventing views and keeping precision
guard rails. So our offline needs to
correlate with that. For this particular
problem, we are probably going to use
something like PR AU. A lot of
candidates think that we might want to
use ROC AU for this problem because it's
a pretty traditional classifier metric,
but it's not actually appropriate given
acute class imbalances. ROC AU will
saturate very quickly and it's not going
to tell you a lot about the performance
of the classifier. In this case, PR AU
is the area under the curve of the
precision recall curve. This is
basically the trade-off between making a
mistake in one direction or another. The
other metric that we might want to look
at is the recall at precision 95. 95 is
special here. Remember in our
requirements, we're going to be taking
action when we're 95% confident. When
the precision is 95, that's when we are
95% confident. And what we're trying to
measure is the recall. Basically, how
many instances of harmful content did we
find? Another way of saying this is what
proportion of harmful content in the
data set that I have was I able to take
action on in kind of a simulated
environment that I would run in a
Jupyter notebook. Now, all of these
offline metrics are going to be tainted.
They're going to be tainted by how the
data was collected. And that's either
because some human somewhere is choosing
examples, in which case there will be
their bias, or because there was another
classifier running in production that
chose these examples to be labeled.
Another thing that interviewers will
sometimes go into, although very fre
infrequently in in great depth, is bias
evaluations. What we want to do is make
sure that our model is not making
mistakes disproportionately for specific
groups. So a typical way to do this is
just to look at the air rates of various
groups and make sure that we are not
over or underactioning in those groups.
These don't have to be demographic
groups. They can also be user related
groups. So like we might want to look at
new users versus old users because it's
not uncommon for systems like this to
penalize new users and that can set off
this sort of vicious cycle where we end
up hurting the new users who never make
it onto the platform. The last stage of
our interview is where we're going to do
deep dives. And these are going to be
things that we maybe had deferred
earlier in the session and basically
said I'm going to get back to that a
little bit later. Or these might be
places where our interviewer throws us a
curveball and says, "Hey, how do you
solve this problem?" Some example deep
dives that might be relevant for this
problem are we brought up embeddings for
users earlier. We thought that would be
useful information for our model
particularly the creators embeddings. So
one question might be how do we train
those embeddings? There's a bunch of
different options here and I think the
the kind of most naive option would be
simply having the creator as a
categorical input to our our model
during training. And the idea would be
we would jointly learn the embeddings
for each user together with the task of
trying to figure out whether it's
harmful or not. But I don't think this
is a very good approach in part because
we already have a problem of lack of
data. We're not going to learn very
useful embeddings for users. And in more
likelihood, what we're going to do is
overfitit to users. We're basically
going to be able to find users in the
past who have created lots of harmful
content. And the model will memorize
those users and that will make it very
brittle. It's not going to be very
predictive into the future. So the
better approach here is probably to use
some sort of auxiliary model that learns
a representation of users that's useful
for our task. One popular approach here
is to use graph neural networks in order
to train this. So if you imagine we have
a social graph at Facebook which
hopefully is useful. Each of these users
might be friends with one another. They
might belong to different groups. And
our graph neural network's
responsibility is to basically predict
the edges that exist between nodes.
There are two types of models that we
can employ here. One would be a
transductive graph model. That would be
we have all of the users and groups
during model training time and we're
going to cold start and train their
embeddings from scratch. Transductive
models are really nice because they can
learn very interesting relationships
between all of the different nodes in
the graph, but they're static. We have
to take a snapshot of our data at that
time. And then those embeddings are
going to be based on that graph at it as
it existed at that moment. This can be a
problem because if we need to retrain,
then those embeddings are going to shift
around. And if we have new embeddings
that we feed into our model that was
trained on the old embeddings, we're
going to get pretty garbage results. But
there are ways that we might be able to
fix this for a period of time and
orchestrate retraining of our model and
make use of it. Another way that we can
do is we can train a graph neural
network using an inductive approach like
graph sage. And the idea here is we will
take features of the users and the nodes
and the edges as a way to go and learn
their embeddings. And what this allows
us to do is instead of having a lookup
table where for a given user we can find
their embeddings instead we'll go grab
the features of that user or potentially
some of the edges that exist at that
moment often times randomly sampled and
then we'll feed that into our model to
produce an embedding at that moment. I
think that is a more clean approach in
this particular problem, but it still
has some of the problems. If that model
itself is retrained, we'll need to do
some sort of versioning dance in order
to make this work. Another deep dive
that's very common for this problem is
dealing with adversarial creators. So
imagine I'm a user and I really, really,
really want to do terrorism on Facebook.
If I create a post and I notice that it
gets taken down, I'm going to change
that post a little bit. So that way next
time it doesn't get taken down. Why does
this happen? Well, often times models
fail to generalize in the adversarial
domain. People are going to make shifts.
So like one example might be instead of
writing gun, I might write go n. And in
this case, go n isn't actually a word.
it would be out of vocabulary in my text
model and probably map to an embedding
that's not all that useful. So in that
case, my model is going to produce a
garbage result and I'm not going to be
able to even retrain in a way that's
going to produce a meaningful
improvement. There are lots of ways of
dealing with adversarial problems. Some
of them are coming up with, for
instance, tokenizers that are at a lower
level. So instead of having words in our
tokenizer, maybe we do a bite level
tokenization. We can also have models
that are trained with the objective of
being robust to some of these
perturbations. We can augment our data
set. So that way we take all of our
positive examples and disturb them in
little ways that keep the violation,
keep it harmful, but ultimately make it
difficult for our model to come up with
a confident decision. There's a bunch
more that we could go into here, but
ultimately you're going to have somewhat
limited time to go into deep dives
because you'll have spent most of it
hopefully on the earlier sections of
this interview. Okay. Wow. We covered a
lot of ground. So, I want to stop here
and summarize a bit about what
interviewers are looking for at each
level. And then I want to briefly
summarize the different stages of this
interview and and things that you might
want to keep in mind for other ML design
interviews. Generally speaking, for
mid-level engineers with this problem,
what interviewers are expecting is that
you can reasonably independently work
through a solution to the problem, that
you've got a good handle on modeling and
feature engineering, that you have some
idea about how evaluations might be
conducted, and that you're starting to
show some emerging depth in the problem.
Maybe you have an approach that's more
interesting or more optimal. They aren't
expecting that you have the answer that
I've written here, by no means. A senior
candidate is going to have substantially
more depth in a ML system design
interview. It's not always the case that
you've been working on classification
problems. You might have been working on
REC systems or forecasting or or
something else. But they are expecting
that you have a lot of generalizable
knowledge that you can apply in new
domains. And so they're not only
expecting you to be able to work through
the end to end life cycle, but they're
expecting you to bring nuggets to the
table about things that work, things
that don't, and research that you've
read. Those types of things are going to
be really important to nailing the
interview. At the staff level, this is
where interviewers are expecting you to
bring some novel insights to the
problem. Not only are they expecting a
pretty wide breadth of experience, but
they're also looking for those small
ways that you can level up the entire ML
execution. I mentioned the business
objective at the beginning of this
problem. That's oftentimes the first
sign that I'll see from candidates in
interviews that they are at the staff
level when they think really deeply
about that question and they come up
with some clever formulation that gets
at the heart of what the business is
trying to do with this system. Their
modeling depth is going to be
substantially stronger. And with staff
level candidates, they're usually
bringing some experience that as an
interviewer I'm not familiar with. And
what I want to see in those cases is
that they are able to explain those
things to me in a capable way that
levels up how I think about this problem
into the future. If that sounds like an
insurmountable bar, it is absolutely
not. You'll learn a lot as you conduct
interviews, but it is important that
staff level candidates are showing kind
of the difference between them and
senior candidates. And those are two
dimensions on which that actually
happens. Now just as a recap, we talked
a lot about the framework at the
beginning, but I want to just remind you
how we work through this problem. We
started by asking a lot of questions.
Our goal was to develop clarity in our
mind and also to start to set up the
problem. We want to spend time thinking
about the business objective so we can
choose a good ML objective that aligns
with the maximum impact we hope to
realize with the problem. Our highle
design is an early sketch of our problem
that tells us how the pieces fit
together and it's a communication tool.
Your interviewer is not assessing you on
your whiteboarding skills. So don't
overfixate on it. With our data
discussion, we want to show that we can
make use of creative new data sources.
But we want to be careful that we're not
spending so much time in this phase and
not really bringing any novel insights
to the table. Bring some hypotheses
about what's going to be most important.
Enumerate data that aligns with those
hypotheses and keep moving. It's really
important in the feature discussion to
not get lost in it. But definitely don't
hold yourself back. It is a shame when
candidates think about this problem as
only using text and images as an
example. When it comes to modeling,
remember that transformers are
transforming machine learning and they
are applicable in a wide variety of
situations. The more modeling acumen you
can show, the more likely you are to
nail the interview. So, be careful about
approaches that are big boxes. Those are
typically less appropriate for applied
ML interviews and are somewhat okay for
the ML infra where generally speaking
interviewers aren't expecting as much
modeling expertise. In inference and
evaluation, you want to think about your
system from end to end. Think about
feedback loops that might exist in the
system. Think about the consequences of
any actions that it might be taking and
think about scaling. for evaluation.
Online and offline evaluation is both
important to cover and there's a bunch
we've actually written a guide on the
site that talks about typical
evaluations for various problems from
wreck systems and ranking systems to
classification problems. Definitely go
check it out. Deep dives is where you're
going to reserve some time to go back to
those things that you called attention
to earlier that you maybe didn't have
time for and give your interviewer a
chance to ask you questions and to try
to test your knowledge. It's
uncomfortable, but a lot of candidates
really just try to crowd out the time
and try to always be talking. But the
reality is it's good to be able to get
to a complete solution to give them some
hints and say, "Hey, these are some
things I'd like to touch on." but also
give them a chance to say, "No, I'm
really interested about this or or
concerned with that. Let's go talk about
that more." That gives you a chance to
respond to those things. Whereas, if you
crowd out all of the time, then your
interviewer is going to be left with
whatever assumption that they started
with. And a lot of interviewers aren't
very charitable, which I think is very
unfortunate, but it's the reality, and
it's important that you know it. We've
got a lot more material on the website,
and I'm hoping to create more videos
coming up. I would love your feedback
and comments. So, let us know how we did
and any ways that we can improve. And
then until next time, I'm Stefan and
thanks for watching.